docs: add browser embedding in JS and background-light theme token (#63012)
metabase/metabase: docs/embedding/embedded-analytics-js.md

### 2. Create a new embed

1. In Metabase, click on **+ New** button in top right corner and select **Embed**. Note that this will only be visible to admins.

> 2. Choose the type of entity to embed. Currently the available types are dashboard, question, and exploration (which will embed the Metabase query builder), and browser.
> 3. Next, select the entity you want to embed. For browser, pick the collection you want people to start from.

Reviewer: Steps 2 and 3 are the same. Should be consolidated, like:

```suggestion
2. Choose the type of entity to embed:
    - dashboard
    - question
    - exploration (which will embed the Metabase query builder)
    - browser (you'll need to pick the collection you want people to start from).
```

What is the default collection for the browser? `root`?

(Also, you may need to format the list.

- **Show title**: what it says on the tin.

> - **Allow editing dashboards and questions**: lets people create and edit dashboards or questions in the current collection. When disabled, they can still explore but not save.

Reviewer: What does explore mean in this context? Viewing? Drill-through?

- `initial-sql-parameters` - default value for SQL parameters, only applicable to native SQL questions, like `{ "productId": "42" }`
- `is-save-enabled` (default is false)
- `target-collection` - this is to enforce saving into a particular collection. Values: regular ID, entity ID, `"personal”`, `"root”`

- ### Browser

To render a collection browser so people can navigate a collection and open dashboards or questions.

 ```html
<metabase-browser initial-collection="14" read-only="false"></metabase-browser>
```

**Required parameters:**

> - `initial-collection` - This can be a collection ID or "root". Use a collection ID (e.g. 14) to start in a specific collection. Use "root" to start at the top level with all collections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `initial-collection` - This can be a collection ID or `root`. Use a collection ID (e.g., `14`) to start in a specific collection. Use `root` to start at the top-level, "Our Analytics" collection.
```

**Optional parameters:**

> - `read-only` (default is true) – if true, people can only view and explore. If false, they can create and edit dashboards and questions in the collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `read-only` (default is true) – if true, people can only view and explore. If false, they can create and edit items in the collection.
```

To anticipate things like documents.

Also, explain what "view and explore" means.
